# Overview
### Client​ :
Our client is Nigel Hamilton and his business is called Nige Ltd. Early in his career he worked as a lecturer at the School of Computing Sciences at the University of Technology, Sydney. After leaving academia he moved to London and worked in industry as a software developer. Now based in Bath, he helps startup businesses as a tech lead and agile/lean software development consultant. He has over 25 years commercial experience as an entrepreneur, software developer and tech lead across numerous industries. He enjoys creating innovative software products and helping others learn, develop and find productive flow.
### Domain​ :
The application domain is screenshot generation. A screenshot, also known as ss, sc, screen capture, or screen grab, is a digital image that shows the contents of a computer display. A common screenshot is created by the operating system or software running on the device. In order to ensure a good level of image resolution, our API relies on drivers capable of processing, storing and returning all sorts of website content within just a few seconds. Page2pics is a REST API built to deliver high quality website screenshots at high speeds and through a simple interface.
### Project​ :
A wide variety of web applications need to present screenshots of web pages. For example:chat applications (e.g., page preview in slack), testing applications, archiving applications etc.
Keeping screenshots up to date requires regular web crawling to see if the content has changed. Rather than create their own in-house screenshot service, application developers can easily integrate Page2.pics to provide scalable and reliable webpage screenshots.
### Our vision​ :
Our project implies taking screenshots of webpages, storing them in a storage environment and keeping them updated. Users will utilize our application via a webpage so Page2pics will be a client-server app. Taking into consideration the fact that we will need a configured webserver, Spring Boot is a good choice. Not only it comes with an embedded HTTP server(Tomcat), but it also has a build-in auto configuration. It also allows to easily connect to a database and provides a default setup for unit and integration tests. The API we create will be integrated by Nigel in his API, 321 Ventures.
